Doc for Quable (#3085)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/product_catalog/add_remote_pim_support.md

# Add Remote PIM support

[[= product_name =]] provides flexible product catalog infrastructure that works with external Product Information Management (PIM) systems.

> For advanced product data management without custom development, you can use the existing [[[= pim_product_name =]] PIM integration](/product_catalog/quable/quable.md) with [[= product_name =]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For advanced product data management without custom development, you can use the readily available [[[= pim_product_name =]] PIM integration](quable.md) with [[= product_name =]].
```

It is not an existing solution, you have to install and configure it first.
